Add News.md (#62)
rstudio/rstudio-launcher-plugin-sdk: NEWS.md

RStudio Launcher Plugin Software Development Kit 1.1.3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### New
* A main file log destination is used instead of syslog.
  

> * The `log-dir` flag is now supported and creates the main file log destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `logging-dir` flag passed by the Launcher is now supported and determines where the main file log destination is created. By default, this is located at `/var/log/rstudio/launcher`.
```
